.\" $XFree86$
.\" $XdotOrg$
.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
#ifdef __xservername__
#define __myservername__ __xservername__
#else
#define __myservername__ XFree86
#endif
#ifdef __xconfigfile__
#define __myxconfigfile__ __xconfigfile__
#else
#define __myxconfigfile__ XF86Config
#endif
.TH SISUSB __drivermansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
sisusb \- SiS USB video driver
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "Section \*qDevice\*q"
.BI "  Identifier \*q"  devname \*q
.B  "  Driver \*qsisusb\*q"
\ \ ...
.B EndSection
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sisusb
is an __myservername__ driver for SiS (Silicon Integrated Systems) video chips that
are connected via an USB dongle. The driver is not accelerated, but provides support 
for colordepths of 8, 16 and 24 bpp as well as Render and other extensions.
.SH SUPPORTED HARDWARE
The
.B sisusb
driver supports USB video cards based on the following chipsets:
.PP
.B SiS315E/PRO
.PP
The SiS315E/PRO features two CRT controllers. However, in its USB version, only
the first output, referred to as "CRT1", is being used. 
.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to __myxconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__) for general configuration
details and to sis(__drivermansuffix__) for more information. This manpage only 
covers a subset of the supported options.
.PP
Detailed information on all supported options can be obtained at
http://www.winischhofer.net/linuxsisvga.shtml
.PP
The following driver
.B Options
are supported:
.TP
.BI "Option \*qHWCursor\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Enable or disable the hardware cursor. Default: HWCursor is on.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qSWCursor\*q \*q" boolean \*q
The opposite of HWCursor. This enables or disables the software
cursor. This sort of cursor is slower because the pointer must
be painted into the graphics display. Default: SWCursor is off.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qCRT1Gamma\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Enable or disable gamma correction.
Default: Gamma correction is on.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qNoXVideo\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disable XV (XVideo) extension support. Default: XVideo is on. NOTE:
XVideo does not seem to work on the chip used in the dongles. However,
the XVideo extension is initialized anyway.
.SH "KNOWN BUGS"
none.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
#ifdef __xservername__
__xservername__(__appmansuffix__), __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__), xorgconfig(__appmansuffix__), Xserver(__appmansuffix__), X(__miscmansuffix__), sis(__drivermansuffix__)
#else
XFree86(1), XF86Config(__filemansuffix__), xf86config(1), Xserver(1), X(__miscmansuffix__), sis(__drivermansuffix__)
#endif
.PP
.B "http://www.winischhofer.net/linuxsisvga.shtml"
for more information and updates
.SH AUTHORS
Author: Thomas Winischhofer
